Elijah Sherrick
INST 326
9/9/2025
(The time I wrote this was on the ninth, and then I saw your udpate where every group member needs to submit their own so I copy pasted what I wrote in docs)

My sole use of AI this week was creating my profile with Claude, and after the fact, asking claude about some overall details of the data pipeline. It gave me some key components, those being Data Sources, Ingestion, Processing/Transformation, Storage, and Destination.
Claude also informed me of some common pipeline patterns, those being Batch Processing, Real-Time/Streaming, and ETL vs ELT. Along with some of the benefits overall of the pipeline.

9/21/2025
This week I used AI to help better understand the SQL language. I was stuck on my assignment for class (AI is permitted when you're stuck, and can'g get help otherwise.) and I used Claude to give me a better understanding of what I needed to change in order to finish that assignment. I needed to use the %% function in order to search for all results that would have the string "night" in it.

9/28/2025
This week my main use was once again for my SQL learning. We learned about new commands in our class, and I struggled to understand some of them, so I looked to Claude for help. I also used it to help with some of my week three exercises, I needed some debugging done and made some silly mistakes that took me too long to find out. My error being a typo. I also needed inspiration for a different class, I couldn't think of ways to make the schedule of classes have more or better filters so I used Claude.

10/12/2025
This week AI played quite a role in my schoolwork in this class. I was under a time crunch, as well as confused and AI gave me a lot of help. Questions 17-20 had me very confused, but after AI gave me the answers and I was able to read it back it all made sense. I also used AI to generate a picture to mess with my mom!


10/19/2025
AI was actually pretty absent this week for me. I used it briefly on a part of question 18 in week six exercises, and one time out of curiosity to reccommend me music. Besides that I didn't use AI this week.


11/2/2025
This week AI played a big role in my life. For the weekly exercises in this class I definitely got help, there were some questions I got fully locked on, and used Claude in order to help me better understand. I also used it in my INST 327 class where we are learning SQL. I am familiar with SQL and we had a rather lengthy lab that I was behind on due to having to take my roommate to the hospital, so I used Claude to speed up the process of doing that work. I would have been able to do everything Claude did, just of course not nearly as fast.


11/9/2025
This week I used AI to help with parts of my weekly assignments, I was stuck and needed debugging but also needed it to explian quesiton 18 to me. I also used AI to assist me with taking notes and learning the content from my Geology class.

11/16/2025
AI was an integral part of my weekly assignments in this class. I was stuck a number of times just not understanding what to do, and AI gave me some clarity. The layout of the questions somewhat stumped me. I also used it again for my Geology class as my professor is at a conference this week so all of the learning was virtual. I took notes from my professors prerecorded lectures, and then if I was confused I asked AI to go into further detail and took notes on what AI was saying.


11/23/2025
This week I barely used any AI. We had Thanksgiving and all I really did was use it breifly for an assignment for a different class.



12/7/2025
This week AI has also been pretty absent for me. I used some brief Claude for help on an assignment for my 201 class. I needed references for a paper and then also needed the AI to go through this spreadsheet and organize the date in ascending order for me.


12/14/2025

This week AI was integral in my daily life. I used AI for help with my SQL class, and I couldn't figure out a WHERE and JOIN clause in one of my assignments so I used Claude to help me, and explain the answer. I also used it to help me study for my Geology final, I gave it my previous quizzes and asked Claude to quiz me and then explain why I was right and wrong. I also used it to study in my class im taking online via Udemy to prepare to get my security+ certification.

